README.md, before:

# Summary

    This is a Fate Core game based on the world of Helluva Boss.
    However this has no reference to such characters,
    not even in the same year of the present events of the show,
    nor will there be any mention of the characters in this summary or in the example campaign
    I have designed. This merely takes place in the same world some years before those events.
    That I'll leave up to you to determine.
 
    Your players run a detective agency.
    Whether its owned by one of them, many, or all is up to you.
    Its name is also up to you or them.
    The detective business can be located in any of the rings of hell you or the players would like.
    The players will use their detective abilities and skills to achieve their goals within these cases.
    They will not have complete help of police at first in the human world.
    Also, these players will not start off with disguises.
    Souls (symbol: $) are the currency within hell.
    The pay rate should be a flat one for each case and should be decided by all of the players.
    If you would like, you can forgo the cash reward in favor of a magic item(s) for the players.

    The players should be given access to an Asmodeus Crystal to solve these cases that may be happening in the human world.
    The humans desperate enough to get in contact with them that know about this service can do so through a small sacrament through given up blood and drawing a specific pattern.
    It can be a small pattern or a large one but either way the portal made is big enough for anyone to step or squeeze into.

    These are merely guidelines to help structure the game, please, use what you like.
    It's completely up to you how you make this game work.

Commit message:

Changes as follows
- Added GOVERNANCE
- Modified LICENSE
- Added MAINTAINERS
- Modified README
- Added RELEASES

README.md, after:

# HB FATE

## License

[![Custom badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Fshare.jester-designs.com%2Fmedia%2Fbank%2Fkeep%2Fplusbgrs.json)](LICENSE)

## Project Template

* README (this file)
* [+BGRS License](LICENSE)
* [A list of maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md)
* [Project governance](GOVERNANCE.md)
* [Release procedures](RELEASES.md)

## Summary

    This is a Fate Core game based on the world of Helluva Boss.
    However this has no reference to such characters,
    not even in the same year of the present events of the show nor plot,
    nor will there be any mention of the characters in this summary or in the example campaign
    I have designed. This merely takes place in the same world some years before those events.
    That I'll leave up to you to determine.
 
    Your players run a detective agency.
    Whether its owned by one of them, many, or all is up to you.
    Its name is also up to you or them.
    The detective business can be located in any of the rings of hell you or the players would like.
    The players will use their detective abilities and skills to achieve their goals within these cases.
    They will not have complete help of police at first in the human world.
    Also, these players will not start off with disguises.
    Souls (symbol: $) are the currency within hell.
    The pay rate should be a flat one for each case and should be decided by all of the players.
    If you would like, you can forgo the cash reward in favor of a magic item(s) for the players.

    The players should be given access to an Asmodeus Crystal to solve these cases that may be happening in the human world.
    The humans desperate enough to get in contact with them that know about this service can do so through a small sacrament through given up blood and drawing a specific pattern.
    It can be a small pattern or a large one but either way the portal made is big enough for anyone to step or squeeze into.

    These are merely guidelines to help structure the game, please, use what you like.
    It's completely up to you how you make this game work.
